.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
.TH PS3 __drivermansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
ps3 \- video driver for PS3 RSX
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "Section \*qDevice\*q"
.BI "  Identifier \*q"  devname \*q
.B  "  Driver \*qps3\*q"
\ \ ...
.B EndSection
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ps3
is an __xservername__ driver for the RSX (NVIDIA NV47-derived) found in
Sony's PlayStation 3 console.  This EXA-accelerated driver has support for
32-bit pixel depths.  TrueColor visual is supported for the current full
range of pixel depths (no current support for DirectColor).
.SH SUPPORTED HARDWARE
The 
.B ps3
driver supports the RSX hardware where available via a special framebuffer
and VRAM, FIFO and CTRL file descriptors provided by the kernel device driver.
ps3 uses the os-specific submodule fbdebhw(__drivermansuffix__) to talk
to the kernel device driver.  Currently a fbdevhw module is available for
Linux.
.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__) for general configuration
details.  This section only covers configuration details specific to
this driver.
.PP
For this driver it is not required to specify modes in the screen 
section of the config file.  The
.B ps3
driver can pick up the currently used video mode from the framebuffer 
driver and will use it if there are no video modes configured.
.PP
The following driver 
.B Options
are supported:
.TP
.BI "Option \*qNoAccel\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Disables all hardware acceleration.
.IP
Default: Hardware acceleration is enabled.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qfbdev\*q \*q" string \*q
The special framebuffer device to use.
.IP
Default: /dev/fb0.
.TP
.BI "Option \*qdebug\*q \*q" boolean \*q
Enables additional debug message output.
.IP
Default: Disabled.
.TP
.SH "SEE ALSO"
__xservername__(__appmansuffix__), __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__), xorgconfig(__appmansuffix__), Xserver(__appmansuffix__),
X(__miscmansuffix__), fbdevhw(__drivermansuffix__)
.SH AUTHORS
Authors include: 'glaurung', René Rebe, Rhys Kidd
